this hour will be extremely interesting, in addition to the
news that we are used to hearing and we hear
every day, we rejoice at the successes of the armed forces of
Ukraine, and today we will
talk with a rather interesting person, a
personality who is still trying to convey the
truth to the Russians, I don't know whether it will be
successful or unsuccessful, we will
find out about this  he has and we have in the studio
public activist blogger Andriy Popik
Mr. Andrii I greet you Good morning
Glory to Ukraine
So since the beginning of the war And you have taken on
a mission on your YouTube channel
trying to convey the truth to Russia quite gently, so to
speak, without unnecessary aggression
the beginning of February
will soon be a year of war during this period of
time, has the rhetoric of these representatives of
Muscovy changed, and if so, which
side?
invasion,
curfew was imposed from 9
o'clock, people had some kind of
misunderstanding of what was happening  someone is
depressed, there were a bunch of different fakes from the
fact that there are signs that light up, if the
phytolamp is lit, it means that the planes are being
pointed there, there was a very, very many
panicked people, I started Facebook, such
streams, I called them commandant's chats,
where I communicated with our Ukrainians with
my subscribers about  the situation in the country of the
Trophy, which we analyzed because, for
example, they
chased fakes there, they dump the photo in the car
and that there it is necessary to
eliminate it somewhere, they threw some sort of
panicked
mood and all the moms and dads on these
parental chats to the girls of the condominium
spread this panic and then analyzed it
I decided to enter the so-called chat
roulette to chat with random people. You
calmed down the Ukrainians of your subscribers.
the entire population of the
Russian Federation, they are here for us,
so if it is conditional, I will help you  during these
dialogues, he began to show that not everything is
so clear-cut, that is, when we
choose with Belarusians, so Belarusians, although
Belarus is actually also involved in the war
against Ukraine, Belarusians 9 out of 10 do not
support this war, they clearly say
We are against, we are against, we are against 9 out of 10  10 Russians
for March
22. On the contrary, they supported and
shouted that it is real We have to take
Russian Odessa there and so on and so on for
many. It was, well, let's say surprise
because they thought that the problem was only
for Putin to speak. Yes, but the problem is
actually much deeper  yes, that is,
this territory
generates such a territory, it is essentially an empire.
Yes, it is the remains of the Russian Empire. In
1917, it was the first stage of its disintegration. In
1991, the second stage is what I call the collapse of the
Russian Empire, and these are the remains
they want to restore this imperial
influence, drag Kazakhstan and other countries into their orbit in Ukraine,
and the population of
that territory thinks so, that's why they
generate the next Stalin there
the next Putin the next if we
must understand that the problem is not only
Putin, so there
was Khrushchev, there
were problems in Czechoslovakia, in Hungary
,
there were still problems Khrushchev or not, then there was Brezhnev or
whoever was there, troops were sent to Afghanistan, there was
Yeltsin, there was Chechnya and so on, there was
Medvedev conditionally  Georgia was like that. That is, we
see that this territory is
essentially imperial and as long as it will be like that.
Until there will be problems, that's why we must
achieve the third stage of the
collapse of the Russian Empire. I am
convinced that it will be even this
year.  but I want to ask where do
you think these imperial ambitions come from? In the
population, which is 80%, maybe even more
live in open [ __ ] like this, without the modern
benefits of civilizations, what we are used to, and
it is worth watching the streams in Russian,
this globulin. Well, it is simply a
horror. Where do these imperial ambitions come from?
the role of propaganda. Is it just
thinking, something like that, genetic? See,
very, very cool question. I also noticed
that people  we are sitting somewhere
in Siberia, in a small town, they
don't have any of the benefits that are in
Europe, they don't want it, but they
shout that we need to return the EUV.
they weren't even like that, that is,
they didn't leave the borders of their region,
but that's why the problem is in Russia, let
's say, internal politics is completely suppressed,
people in Ukraine can
live there.
There is not such a
thing, that is, there is a lively political life. Yes, we have a lot of our own problems. Yes, but there is a lively political life in Russia. This is not the case in Russia. They have completely suppressed it and it is the only place where people
can realize their
potential.
In Ukraine, they cannot say a
bad word about their village or
city mayor, yes. Well,
about Zelenskyi, they are there for Biden. всё мы
сейчас  people are replaced, let's say, they are given the
opportunity to vent this uh,
domestic political failure is
channeled to the outside. That's all. And how can they be
saved?
Look here, we need to consider looking
at today's Russia, as Europeans
looked at the Soviet Union in the
80s and 90s, that is, if, imagine
if now  Ukraine, the
Baltics, Belarus, there Kazakhstan were in the
Soviet Union, but until now, in fact,
if what was happening now, our Ukrainians
would now be part of the Soviet Army,
somewhere, a special operation would be carried out in some
conditional Poland, there in Bulgaria, and so on
, that is, the same here in Russia, there is no
single  In Russia, Russia is such a big
Klim made of different pieces of different peoples, yes.
That is, there are Tatars, there are Bashkortos, there
are Sahaye Kut, there are Kolomiykas, and now Russia is taking such
enslaved peoples there, those from Dagestan,
from Chesne, from Buryat and from Tatarstan, and is giving up the
naming of new territories, just like
during the Union, we Ukrainians were thrown into
Afghanistan, Czechoslovakia, and so on,
so the
only path that should be this  so that we
don't leave this war to our descendants so
besides the fact that we have to go to the
borders of the year 91 as everyone says so about
We have to reach and say
pedal this event this is the collapse of the Russian
Federation there really is not everything so
smooth as
you do not show in them  there are very serious
inter-ethnic,
inter-religious contradictions, yes, because in the
Russian Federation, in fact,
Russian peace is already cracking at the seams,
because there are fewer Russians, yes, there
are more non-Russians, yes, because
Islam is gaining momentum,
regional ones, Tatarstan, Chechnya,
they are becoming such political centers
and very  - there are many problems that I believe will
tear Russia apart, just as they once
tore the Soviet Union.
Doubts
arise. Is this their so conditional
special operation expedient, or is it possible that representatives of
the same or Dagest  anu or Chechnya, what do you like,
Chechnya is so
highlanders, maybe it’s time for you to think about your
independence, at one time you
actively fought for it, these seeds of doubt succeeded,
I am always the person with whom I
communicate I understand that I will not convince
her, I communicate with her 10-15  minutes, yes, in
10-15 minutes, you won't change a person's
life attitudes, but I don't convince
the person I'm talking to, I convince the
viewer who then watches this conversation,
so because there
are a lot of people, you talked to
one person, people of the Attack watched hundreds of thousands,
I actually have a lot of people  he also writes
from one of the enslaved peoples in the Russian
Federation, and from the same Dagestan,
in fact, there is Dagestan - that's the
name.
about the national liberation
movement, about their struggle, and there are very
big contradictions, yes. Well, we must
understand that when we communicate with
this person, we make an
information product that then
hundreds of thousands are watching, and my task when I
talk to a person is not to convince a person,
but to throw the viewer
in the same way with this Dagestan and Bashtistan,
when I come across people who have planned
these territories in them, who say that we
support a special operation, I immediately
raise the question What are you watching in U  you
have gas, oil, and so on. So why do you
live worse than a person in the Czech Republic who
does not have gas, oil, and who, on the contrary,
buys oil in Russia and people begin to
reveal themselves? Well, there is Moscow
and they all understand that Moscow is draining
Moscow of their resources  he lives at the expense of this
, but let's say publicly,
they are not ready to admit it, but the people who watch
this conversation, they year it was a funny
situation, two guys with Dagestan from which
village And you know, I asked jokingly about
this toilet Well, because it really is already
People don't have a toilet  they say, yes, in
our village, everyone has these wooden
toilets, yes, and I say, look,
you have Dagestan, if you have the resources, that's all, why
do you still go to  these toilets and
you consider it normal and er let's say
Moscow does not go to wooden
toilets and people just like that Well they live in
another one you can say in a parody so they
didn't see it nearby there is a big problem you
know what it is that there are a lot of them in Ukraine  people
were in Europe, some went to earn money,
some were there for work, some just went
there for weekend tours, sat down there and
visited some of the conditional Poland,
Hungary. People saw it differently, and people there,
yes, in Russia, there are many. I ask,
for example, have you been to other countries  yes,
many people have not been
there, at most they may have been there to some Egypt or Turkey
, they all left. And it turns out that people have not
seen Europe, they have not seen how it can
be in general, that is, they think it is
very cool. I am asking what problems
do you have in the city. Well  I say we don't have any
problems. In Russia, there are no problems. It's just a
piece of dirt. They don't understand that the
sidewalk can be better. Yes, the road can
be smoother. Conditionally, yes, there is such a
problem. In this regard, it becomes somewhat
unclear.  What kind of emotions should be projected onto
Russia to hate them for what they are
doing in Ukraine and supporting their
conditional tsar, we need to sympathize with them
because they have not gone anywhere due to the fact
that they are so poor and unhappy, they have not
seen civilization. What emotions are there now
Russians should cause me a
feeling of hatred and
disgust, despite the fact that I used to be
quite tolerant of them, I also have
relatives in Russia, but these are the feelings I have
now,
judging by what you are saying,
they have not seen civilization, you can say
Yes, you are poor and you simply do not
understand what is happening, you could
live better, but how to really fight with them
means look at emotions, do not
hold back your nights, you want to hate,
hate, yes, you have every right to
express your emotions like this, hate
them and hate and so  further so because
they, as citizens of the Russian Federation, are
responsible for this
situation, but we must understand what
we must
think  strategically So we must think
how with the help of these same Russians, at
least part of these Russians, to
destroy the Russian Federation, because
the Soviet Union was destroyed not just
there, America, or Europe, and these are the people
in the Soviet Union, yes And here there was the Movement
for Perestroika and  other countries also
had their own movements and we must find,
let's say, divide for ourselves, for example, there are
such quilts that are finished, you
can't do anything with them, you won't convince them, they will be
stubborn, like here, these communists, who still
went there after Independence, how many
years is it amorphous  mass Yes, there are people who are
nationally conscious in the same
republics, plus in Russia there are strong regional
identities, for example, the Urals, the Far East, in the
Far East, a lot of people have been to
Japan, China, but have never been to
Moscow, so they
have some kind of
administrative connection there organizationally  in connection with Moscow,
in addition to the governor who is conditionally
sent to them, and the power
bloc.  of the Russian Federation of
many people, so how do you say that there are
relatives, yes, many of them, I stopped
communicating with a relative, so I say to all the
viewers that this is absolutely wrong,
this is a passive position, because
Solovyov communicates with your relatives and so on,
so they all listen to them. You should
communicate with  by your relatives. Yes, you
should become agents, you know, because of the influence
on the collapse of the Russian Federation. You just
have to tell them to your relatives.
perceives victims not
victims in the Dnipro not in the Dnipro they don't care So
you should tell your relatives the
idea that the Russian Federation should
fall apart and in that there conditional
Novosibirsk Kazan
Vladivostok will be better So you should
call gave us tanks call your
relatives God says you have everything  it’s normal,
like, Because they gave us tanks there, this one of yours
doesn’t mobilize Vanya now. That is, you
should sow panic in them  You need
all this data, that is, we have a lot of Ukrainians, but
I communicate with them, they have closed themselves off from their
relatives, so they are all morons, everything is great,
but you need to, you have more influence on them
than someone else than me, for example.
tell us that we will release you soon,
if there is, don't worry
when there will be such a massive background. Yes,
everything will change, look,
I always say this situation,
let's go back to the Soviet Union. Now,
in Ukraine, we have people who surround us, a
large part of them still 30  years ago,
I went to the May Day demonstrations, that's what the
glory said and so on. Where did they all
go? Somehow the truth was changed.
So, the same thing will happen with the Russian
Federation. So when you really
want to believe it, but this is my personal
opinion, see how the
Soviet Union began to fall
apart, period.  glasnost then appeared
some relatively liberal movements relatively there
was Freedom of speech now the
Russian Federation is more like
Czarist Russia or the Stalinist regime, that is,
any manifestations of disagreement are punished
immediately in prison, and during the last
communication with my relatives,
I tried to get through.
little
people, what can we do, and
all that occupies the West is this type of capitalism,
but now the fear of punishment and
going to prison overpowers some human
qualities, such as human compassion and even Well,
the impression is that just like an amorphous mass,
such as amoebas, they float in their own
space  and they have no particular
desire to get out of there. Look, if we
take the same
schedule of the Soviet Union, yes, uh,
ownership also started, let's not say, not in the
70s, yes. But you have to understand that
now the processes are all happening much
faster. Why? Because the speed of
transport and  connection So earlier the event
took place in Vinnytsia, maybe in a
month someone knew about it in Khmelnytskyi, so
now  with the help of the Internet, something
happened at the edge of the world, so in an hour the
whole wind is buzzing, all of Facebook, all of
YouTube, yes, that is, information
spreads much faster. Yes, there
used to be a state monopoly on
mass media. Yes, some
Dissidents published there, and now there is Telegram,
Facebook, so everything is much faster, the
processes that  flowed five years ago.
Yes, now they can flee in 5 months,
and uh, Russia is actually not that monolithic, we
see that they have a special military operation, so-called, yes,
this is a special military operation created
due to the lack of a personnel army, so which
was in Ukraine, they created national
battalions, yes  that is, there is a battalion in your
Krutistan, there is a battalion in Tatarstan, what
is it? They actually become the
prototypes of the national armies of the future
republics of these republics. Yes, that is,
if Russia disintegrates. Yes, no.
not from the Russian budget,
but from Tatarstan from the budget of
Tatarstan  in and so on, that is, this is
actually very, very cool for us,
because if we see the Russian Empire when it
was disintegrating, in the same way, they also
made national regiments for problems in the First World War,
and these national
regiments were then the driving force of the revolution, Andriy,
and let's leave it  the Russians are in peace, they are
strangers to us, let's return to our
territory in the end after almost a year of
communication in chat roulette And have
there been any cases of communication with
representatives
No, I don't want to talk with representatives of the DPR
LPR with people living in the temporarily
occupied territories as well as Crimea, what
is their attitude
There is absolutely no difference between the attitude of young people and
older youth. I look at the youth from the
occupied territories and the Ukrainian
position. It was even when it was March
or April. So the girls from occupied
Luhansk
greeted this. Glory to Ukraine.
to enroll, but now they are thinking where,
that is, the youth do not see themselves in this
Russia, in Russia
in which Federation is the older generation completely different, it is also necessary to understand that many people from the occupied territories are simply afraid to express themselves, that is why they do not go to such meetings, but there are some people who go out and prove that we are there with Russia, for example. Yes, but when do you start to have a conversation with them, they fall so quickly and now, after Russia defeated them forever in Kherson, yes, there are quite interesting conversations with Crimeans. Yesterday, I had a conversation with a Crimean from Simferopol, and I asked him the following question. Look at Kherson according to your Russian constitution. Yes this is the territory of the Russian Federation, you included it in the same way as Crimea, if Kherson was given, that is, Putin, the Guarantor of the Constitution, gave Kherson without problems, then they will also give Crimea, and the person is starting to change to me, no, you will not be able to take Crimea, there are two pies, there will be a replacement I say Look how the perception of Russians has changed in a year from we will take Kyiv in three days to uncle you will take Crimea we will strengthen  just like that, that is, they
already don't have any understanding that they
don't have any possibility to capture
Ukraine, so now they are making excuses
so that you don't capture Belgrade and the curves. Well,
Andrey. Let's be honest. If this is
my position, I see it that way.
took place in the territory of Donetsk
region, Luhansk region, about what they said that many
Ukrainians went abroad to Europe to
see civilization, representatives of these
regions, in general, quite often went
to Moscow to earn money,
Moscow suburbs are not the capital at all, there is
also no such civilization in Crimea
The Black Sea Fleet was based for quite a long time,
and these are the natives of the
Russian Federation,
who are still their descendants, who still
remain there after the victory, what to do with
these people, how to adapt them, that is, the
question is, because And what will happen to it is
quite simple, people who cooperated with the
occupation administration, yes, they are
collaborators  most of them during the
deoccupation themselves will flee to Russia,
that is, people who were judges and
policemen there during approx.  Upatians, just like
in Kherson, that is what happened, that is, they ran away,
that is, this layer will also flee, so the people are
ordinary people, they will remain, just like in
Kherson, people lived under occupation for
how many months, so Ukraine came, yes,
and everything is fine. Nothing happened to these
people, so it will be absolutely the same.  Yes, in
Ukraine, there will be a program for the
reintegration of this population, so the
mass media should also work
on this,
and state training programs,
starting from school, will be aimed at explaining to all
children that in the
so-called occupied parts of the Donetsk
and Luhansk regions, a
generation of children has grown up who are like this from childhood
they said where are you and you ask And
when was this DNR created, while they
don’t know, I say, why do they tell us in Ukraine
how Ukraine gained
independence, that’s what the Verkhovna Rada officially declared, yes,
why don’t you
tell the story, children think like this, in fact,
Human  the brain is like that in 90%, if it is not a
straight-laced brain, it can
change, can adapt  I agree with
that, let's say the appropriate specialists
should develop programs for the reintegration of
these people and nothing terrible will happen.
That is, they were under occupation, there
were those who cooperated, who committed
crimes with them. Well, if the position is so,
they should be responsible.  but
they will most likely simply run
away during the deoccupation, if that were the case, like
Kirill with three mustaches
, he didn’t run away, Andriy
wanted to ask, and we hear quite often
that the Russian military is demoralized,
so they don’t really want them to die, but they don’t have
options or they run away
somewhere from a military unit or they
end up dying here in one of the issues
I was watching, did you happen upon a boy in roulette
who directly seems to have
been either in a hospital or a military
unit directly if there are
military personnel, how do they react to the supply of
weapons to the fact that they are thrown here
to die for some  unclear goals, that is,
the very reaction of those soldiers, we do not take
mercenary convicts  who understands what they are
going for, they were promised freedom, they are going to
kill marauders, who were
called up by the military to mobilize, how will they do
it military And I immediately understand
that this is very cool propaganda material and
I am trying to talk to him so as to
extract from him
all this pain and moral and mental
suffering as much as possible  Yes, in order to show
This, including to people from the Russian
Federation. Yes, I usually start with
this. And what are you fighting for?
What is your goal
?
Look, the Russian Federation has
gas, oil, everything, that is, it turns out that
Putin is building a palace for himself, so he doesn’t know
why. And you and a lot of them say,
Well, for example, What am I going to do? That is,
they have no understanding. Well, what can you
do to him?  they mobilized or he was a
staff member, then a lot of staff members also
don't understand, well, let's say they say We don't
understand what we are for, but there is an
order, you know how to scoop  olo, there is an order.
It is very good that
such people are spreading in the Russian army. They will say everything. Well, you
understand the inertia of this army,
but they have no power. They have no understanding
of why this is so and we must show it.
Why, because if there were no But Russia
conducts mobilization anyway, this
living resource
somehow helps the Russians to persevere
and no matter what, but because of this,
ours also die, so for example, one of such
informational tasks we had was
demoralization during their mobilization,
so I believe that we are successful
promoted these theses, yes, what is the point of
dying for the tsar? What is the point of the people who are
fighting there? Where did the personnel army go
if they are mobilizing in your country?
bloggers also
from Russia - I say yes, I wanted to
volunteer like this But I changed my mind, I
would like to do so, that is, I understood what for what and I
think that this is very, very right because
Russia works for our us  deer yes and we
should do the same symmetrical actions
work for their population why Because
if we don't so they will have more
people mobilized more volunteers
yes if we uh demoralize
their let's say their population in this Yes
part will not volunteer part
will start looping from their Military Commissariat there,
do not come according to the story or move to
the same Georgia, Kazakhstan, run away if you
remember when there was this panic, yes, what did
they do there Andriy Well, I want to
ask this a little bit, walk through the categories
if there are such cadre military personnel of the Russian Federation
they were drafted, they were mobilized, and as if for
desertion and articles. I'm afraid I have to
obey the order. I went to fight
for whom Prigozhin recruits, there is also the
possibility of
early release even for extremely serious
crimes, and I'm sure the Russians will soon
evaluate these releases when the
pedophile murderers return to them  rapists
But it will be something Later they go
motivation money free
Free life  I cannot understand the
motivation and attitude of women and mothers,
recently I came across an article where one
of the mothers was interested in what poison should be put
in the pocket of her son so that he is
not dragged by dogs on the battlefield in Ukraine, that is,
if we take it historically, men are
warlike, but women are still mothers
sisters, wives, but when communicating with the
women of Russia,
it is possible that this is more fertile
fertile ground to wound these
doubts and force, after all, a woman can
influence a son, a husband, a brother
with her tears. I don’t know
persuasions not to go to war.
I noticed such a
thing, but in the same quarter, if you come across
women from Russia who choose Ukraine, it is in
99 cases people in whom someone is fighting now
in Ukraine, but I already have them, as you can see, that is,
I immediately Dip the question for you and mine in
Ukraine. They first take a shower  then
it turns out to be either a husband or a son and so
on. And they go to chat roulette in
order to somehow justify to themselves
that this relative of theirs is not ok  upant, but he
is doing something good, freeing them from the
fascists conditionally, there, let's say, I see
Russian women where someone is fighting, so
they don't have In my opinion, they don't have
any such understanding that their
husbands are doing something bad, so they,
on the contrary, try to justify them
morally, so  that is, they are subconsciously
waiting for me, right, a car or a toilet. I don't
know, no, I think that with this washing
machine and toilet, ours is very cool. How could
they make such an image? It's very cool, because
it's his, but the majority of people are worried about it, not
because of that. Not because of that washing machine. But because of
that.  for their husband to come back there
alive
with money or not with money I don't know,
but at least for him to come back alive yes whatever it is
This is also this category yes they think we
are wrong We are there with us here Zelensky is a
bad Nazi I like him so well  and all
this rubbish is how they justify their
men And they try to
pass it on to the Ukrainians, this category must be understood in
this way because they will have a
defensive reaction, you will not be convinced of
it, but I  I'm telling you that when I come across a
person, I don't set a goal to convince them,
I use them, as you know, as visual
material for the audience, and I immediately
ask questions.
all the oligarchs will be with yachts with doors,
yes, and your husband will be your best
chance to return him home and they are
sailing, they are not there, that is, it is one thing to
shout fascist Nazis, and another thing is to
give an answer
and they sail and sail.
let's get back to this question. Why did they
fence themselves off from their relatives and so on? I
think that every Ukrainian should become
such an agitator. That's what they say to
us. We don't need to fence ourselves off with a fence. We don't fence ourselves off
. That's because they will crawl here like bugs,
then multiply and climb again.
So we'll just postpone it.  This Yes, we
should not be afraid and
find the nerve to
communicate with them, communicate with these
relatives, but not just communicate  thank God,
you are such bad people that
they attacked us, they are immune to this. And we
must send them messages about
this same mobilization of theirs, so as
to disrupt mass and so because
in Russia a large number of her arson of
military commissariats, there were cases in
in the Irkutsk region, a guy came to a
meeting when the mobilized people were mobilized and
shot the military commissars there. Roman Zinin. Did they
somehow call out with shouts like
nobody will ever go, everyone would go home
if it was like that, that is, there are a lot of things we
just click in this information
space and we, on the contrary, need to help them.
Here  to disperse such problematic issues
within the Russians so that they take over
Ukraine and uh, what is happening in them
and shake, you know, we have to shake not our
boat, their Andriy, in the end, to
practical issues, a-a preparation for the
air Let's say that to communicate with the
Russians, not every sane person  even
mentally he can withstand it. Well,
let's be honest, frankly, because not everyone has
strong nerves in connection with eyelashes  they
are already somewhat
shaken by it. First of all, this is how the process takes place,
that is, I sit down. I know that at 9:00 in the
evening, for example, I will communicate with
Russians. I do not like them.
For today, how to
calm down, how to tune in, and most importantly,
after the broadcast, after communication, how to keep
yourself in your hands, I use my personal
example to say short-term
communication with relatives.
I didn't say to the person what you were
doing. Why did you attack? I asked
relevant questions. And this is Angel of the Saxons. This is the
Americans. Well, armor like this. Where do you get your
nerves? First of all, look, you need
to understand the portrait. Who are you
talking to? We start to get nervous
when people don't get caught.  in our
expectations, if we come to a
supermarket at the cash register, we expect a
person to say Good afternoon there, they have
weighed your bodies  If a person starts to hear
that he came here, we start
to quarrel. Well, what kind of communication is it if we
are walking down the street and see an
alcoholic, yes, and he is shorter that you
walk here, we have absolutely no
reaction. Yes, we understand that it is
alcohol.  the
same word Yes, but in the supermarket we
expected that our e-e would serve
normally culturally Yes, and here we see
and this is an alcoholic if we have no complaints
about him and that is why we did not perceive it
in the same way and here we have to When  we
have to communicate with some
Russians. Yes, we must immediately understand
that it will be some finished quilt, yes,
and not expect anything from him, that is,
there is no intelligence there.
don't be nervous Of course If you think
that you will turn on now he will say God
Ukrainians I'm so sorry there it is and he
says But at your address of course you will be
nervous like this or that's why immediately
accept communicate  like this drunkard,
so if there is a drunk person who is
lying around your entrance like this and shouting, you
just need to somehow make it so that he
does not lie here like that or is a
recluse, it is difficult, because when
close relatives are, you are before the war  I did not
doubt their adequacy, so, well,
that is, there was normal communication within the limits of
some life problems, well, the
person is simply adequate.
They thought you were inadequate, that is,
take it as a game, call your
relatives and say, God, it’s shorter, you
have it, so Russia, and Putin, this one, and
Putin, uh, and all kinds of conspiracy
theories.
to believe in
any conspiracy theory. So,
you have to throw everything at them. America gives us
tanks, planes, missiles, and
so on. Yes, that is, it is not necessary to accept
and to call them from the position of a
victim of God, the type does not attack so on the contrary,
I say listen, we will protect you in
Novosibirsk, and like, you have
already prepared a bomb shelter there, you know where the
nearest bomb shelter in Belgorod is,
too, earlier, if you laughed, you laughed like
that, that is, people will start thinking about  it's
to think, to think, so let's say,
approach creatively, yes, think
today, as I have not yet trolled my relative,
if he was from Russia, yes. That is, use it
with additional emotions for yourself. Andrii,
after a positive
note, I wanted the last questions, she is
already driving him right. We are waiting for the
collapse of Russia, but  again, there is such a
conspiracy theory, not a conspiracy theory that
maybe Russia would have already disintegrated, but the
fact that there are nuclear weapons on the territory of this country
and that there is a version that it is still
unclear who will get it, or
can it be assumed that the war is still going on, but
in the meantime it is still going on  preparation for
some more adequate, so to speak,
entertaining conversations can be carried out or
before the
disintegration of Russia, but a more controlled one, a
very correct question if we
analyze the events of a year ago in the
world community, there were no ideas of the disintegration of the
Russian Federation,
people who promoted these ideas in Ukraine talked about it there,
you could count them on your fingers,
yes, yes, you know the question of the
disintegration of Russia  Federation of decolonization
sounds from every iron, yes, if we
can see already, the
political circles of Poland officially declare
yes, that is, there is a group. I liked the
proposal of the President of Poland Duda to
accept the surrender in the Pereyaslav years.
it
was once called that, that is, who also accepted the
declaration on the
liberation of these
enslaved peoples from the oppression of Moscow, and
in fact we see before that it was in
some such closed circles, so
actually as marginal, now it
reaches the official level, which means the
European world community already
for  they made a decision that Russia is in the
format it is. It shouldn't
stay like that because
sooner or later there will be problems again with the
next Putin. Yes, I
think there is
an understanding, but you understand the European and
American machine, they are bureaucratic,
that's not how it's done there.  Yes, they accepted today.
Everything will happen tomorrow. Yes,
that is, the idea is that some kind of preparation is going on, the
institution, the institutional preparation,
yes, because when the
prerequisites for the collapse of the Russian Federation
will not be their own, if the peak,
people will be needed who will, say, lead the
governments of these republics, and I think that I
will not always say  And what will happen to whom the
distance of nuclear weapons Well, the
Soviet Union collapsed, 15 republics did not become
nuclear, and only one Russia remained, yes. So
it will be the same here, only there will
be no one left with nuclear weapons,
if we summarize our entire conversation, the collapse of
Russia, the Russian Federation is inevitable.
rather speed up this
process and everyone on their own front as
we see Mr. An  dray conveys the truth to the
Russians. They try to prevent it, but it doesn't
always work out, after all, some
possible feedback is also the task of each of us,
except for those who are on the front
lines of the fighters who protect us with weapons in their hands, to try to
do everything so that this Empire will eventually
fall apart and never again  posed a
threat to us and you to our
country. So, continue to inform and
help volunteers, take part in
volunteer organizations, well, with strong
help, and you can
follow the example of Andrei in chat roulette to
find those Russians and tell them the
truth. So, thank you, we had a studio with us
social activist blogger Andriy
Popyk is very interesting Thank you Glory to Ukraine
Glory to the heroes We friends will hear the
next information hour in the
prime morning hours on TV channel tv7+